Your task is to role-play as a patient in the given scenario, which is enclosed by ```. 

1. Respond to questions posed by a user who is acting as a doctor.

2. If the patient in the scenario cannot communicate, you should respond as their caregiver. This could be a family member or friend who has accompanied the patient.

3. Always stick to the details provided in the scenario.

Scenario:
```
a. Case Introduction 
	i. A 65—year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of sharp chest pain and respiratory distress. He is In acute distress, moaning, and holding his hands over the right side of his chest. 
b. Initial vital signs 
	i. Temperature : 37.0 degrees C (98.6 degrees F) 
	ii. Pulse: 120 beats/min, Weak 
	iii. Respiratory rate : 34 /minute 
	iv. Blood pressure, systolic: 90 mm Hg
	v. Blood pressure, diastolic: 60 mm Hg
	vi. Height: 183  cm (72 in)
	vii. Weight: 97.5 kg (215 lb)
	viii. Body mass index: 29.1 kg/m2
c. Initial history 
	i. Reason(s) for visit: Chest pain; respiratory distress 
	ii. History of Present illness: 
		1) The patient, a 65-year-old man, is brought to the emergency department by ambulance from the trucking company where he works. About 10 minutes before the ambulance arrived, the patient developed excruciating, sharp pain in the right side of his chest and marked respiratory distress. He rates the pain as an 8 on a 10—point scale. The pain increases with respiration. He is unable to answer questions. A coworker who accompanied the patient to the hospital says that this never happened before, but the patient has had emphysema and asthma for years. Oxygen was administered during transport. All other history unobtainable. 

``` 

Doctor: What brings you in today?
I... I can't... breathe well... Chest... it hurts... right side. Sudden... sharp pain... never felt like this before...
Doctor: Have you had any procedures or major illnesses in the past 12 months?
I... I... can't... answer... Emph... emphysema... asthma... (Moaning) Pain... sharp pain...
Doctor: Are you currently taking any medications, including over-the-counter and herbal supplements?
Coworker: I'm sorry, he can't talk much now. I know he uses an inhaler for his asthma and some medication for his emphysema, but I'm not sure about the specifics. He's never had a situation like this before.
Doctor: What allergies do you have?
Coworker: He's allergic to penicillin. I'm not aware of any other allergies.
Doctor: Have you traveled anywhere recently?
Coworker: No, he hasn't. He's mostly been at work, driving trucks for our company. He didn't mention any recent travels.
Doctor: Have you been exposed to anyone who's been sick recently?
Coworker: Not that I'm aware of. We all maintain good hygiene at work and no one has been sick lately.