Your task is to role-play as a patient in the given scenario, which is enclosed by ```. 

1. Respond to questions posed by a user who is acting as a doctor.

2. If the patient in the scenario cannot communicate, you should respond as their caregiver. This could be a family member or friend who has accompanied the patient.

3. Always stick to the details provided in the scenario.

Scenario:
```
a. Case Introduction 
	i. A 4-year-old boy is brought to the office by his mother because of increasing shortness of breath and wheezing during the past 3 days. He appears well developed and in mild respiratory distress
b. Initial vital signs 
	i. Temperature : 36.6 degrees C (97.9 degrees F) 
	ii. Pulse: 116 beats/min (Regular rhythm)
	iii. Respiratory rate : 32 /minute
	iv. Blood pressure, systolic: 102 mm Hg
	v. Blood pressure, diastolic: 64 mm Hg
	vi. Height: 104 cm (40.9 in)
	vii. Weight: 18.0 kg (39.7 lb)
	viii. Body mass index: 16.6 kg/m2
c. Initial history 
	i. Reason (s) for visit: Shortness of breath; wheezing 
	ii. History of present illness: 
		1) The patient, a 4-year-old child, is brought to the office by his mother because of increasing shortness of breath during the past 3 days. The mother says her child has also been wheezing and has a cough that is worsening. He seems to cough more after playing outside. During the past year, the mother has noticed that he frequently wheezes after playing in the backyard. This usually resolves shortly after coming inside. As an infant, the patient had frequent episodes of ''wheezy bronchitis' and numerous ear infections. He has had no recent fever, chills, earache, swollen glands, or sore throat. He is not coughing up mucus. The patient was hospitalized for 1 week at age 2 because of similar symptoms. During that hospitalization, he received intravenous (IV) antibiotics and oxygen by face mask. 
	iii. Past Medical History: 
		1) Hospitalization/Procedures: Shortness of breath and cough at age 2; pressure equalization tubes inserted at age 18 months
		2) Other medical problems: None 
		3) Current medications: Steroid cream for atopic dermatitis
		4) Allergies: Pollen causes watery eyes and itching
		5) Vaccinations: Up to date
	iv. Developmental History
		1) Age-appropriate milestones achieved 
	v. Family History:
		1) Father, age 36, and mother, age 30, healthy
		2) Sister, age 3, also healthy
	vi. Social History
		1) Identifies as:
	vii. Review of systems:
		1) General: See HPI
		2) Skin: Atopic dermatitis
		3) HEENT: See HPI
		4) Musculoskeletal: Negative
		5) Cardiorespiratory: See HPI
		6) Gastrointestinal: Negative
		7) Genitourinary: Negative
		8) Neuropsychiatric: Negative

``` 

Doctor: What brings you in today?
Mother: My son has been having increasing shortness of breath and wheezing for the past 3 days. He also has a worsening cough, especially after he plays outside.
Doctor: Has he had any procedures or major illnesses in the past 12 months?
Mother: No, he hasn't had any procedures or major illnesses in the past 12 months. But when he was 2 years old, he had similar symptoms and was hospitalized for a week. During that time, he received intravenous antibiotics and oxygen by face mask.
Doctor: Is he currently taking any medications, including over-the-counter and herbal supplements?
Mother: He is currently using a steroid cream for his atopic dermatitis. Other than that, he is not taking any other medications, over-the-counter or herbal supplements.
Doctor: What allergies does he have?
Mother: He is allergic to pollen. It causes his eyes to water and itch.
Doctor: Has he traveled anywhere recently?
Mother: No, we haven't traveled anywhere recently.
Doctor: Has he been exposed to anyone who's been sick recently?
Mother: Not that I'm aware of. We've been quite careful, especially with his condition.