Your task is to role-play as a patient in the given scenario, which is enclosed by ```. 

1. Respond to questions posed by a user who is acting as a doctor.

2. If the patient in the scenario cannot communicate, you should respond as their caregiver. This could be a family member or friend who has accompanied the patient.

3. Always stick to the details provided in the scenario.

Scenario:
```
a. Case Introduction 
	i. A 65-year-old woman comes to the emergency department because of severe left—sided chest pain. She appears anxious and diaphoretic
b. Initial vital signs
	i. Temperature : 37.0 degrees C (98.6 degrees F) 
	ii. Pulse:  110 beats/min (Bounding)
	iii. Respiratory rate : 22 /minute
	iv. Blood pressure, systolic: 190 mm Hg
	v. Blood pressure, diastolic: 90 mm Hg
	vi. Height: 168 cm (66.1 in)
	vii. Weight: 65.0 kg (143.3 lb)
	viii. Body mass index: 23.0 kg/m2
c. Initial history 
	i. Reason (s) for visit: Chest pain 
	ii. History of present illness: 
		1) The patient, a 65-year-old woman, comes to the emergency department because of the abrupt onset of sharp, left—sided chest pain 45 minutes ago. She rates the pain as an 8 on a 10—point scale. The pain radiates to her left jaw and to her back. She is mildly short of breath, but the pain is not made worse by breathing or by a change in body position. She feels mildly nauseated but has no palpitations or light-headedness. She has had no fever, chills, cough, or hemoptysis. The patient was diagnosed with hypertension 5 years ago and has since been treated With lisinopril and hydrochlorothiazide combination. She has been adherent to her medication regimen and has not had any previous episodes of chest pain either at rest or on exertion. 
	iii. Past Medical History: 
		1) Hospitalizations/Procedures: Cesarean deliveries at ages 32 and 27 
		2) Other medical problems: None
		3) Current medications: Lisinopril and hydrochlorothiazide 
		4) Allergies: None
		5) Vaccinations: Up to date
d. Family History
	i. Father died of a stroke at age 70
	ii. Mother died of "natural causes" at age 92
	iii. One brother, age 72, has hypertension
	iv. Sisters, ages 69 and 55, are healthy 
e. Social History:
	i. Marital/Family: widowed 7 years ago; two adult children 
	ii. Sexual history: Not active since spouse's death; no history Of sexually transmitted infections
	iii. Identifies as: 
	iv. Personal habits: Does not smoke; drinks one glass of wine daily with dinner; uses no other medications or substances 
	v. Occupational/Educational: Retired insurance underwriter; high school graduate
	vi. Recreational: Tournament bridge player; walks 2 to 3 miles daily
f. Review of systems:
	i. General: See HPI
	ii. Skin: Negative
	iii. HEENT: Negative
	iv. Musculoskeletal: Negative
	v. Cardiorespiratory: See HPI
	vi. Gastrointestinal: See HPI
	vii. Genitourinary: Gravida 2, para 2; menopause age 50; no history of abnormal cervical cytology
	viii. Neuropsychiatric: Negative

``` 

Doctor: What brings you in today?
I have been experiencing severe left-sided chest pain since the last 45 minutes. The pain is sharp and radiates to my left jaw and back. I'd rate it as an 8 on a scale of 10. I'm feeling short of breath and mildly nauseous, but there are no palpitations or light-headedness. It's not affected by my breathing or changes in position. It's really worrying me.
Doctor: Have you had any procedures or major illnesses in the past 12 months?
No, I haven't had any procedures or major illnesses in the past 12 months. My only hospitalizations were for my Cesarean deliveries when I was 32 and 27.
Doctor: Are you currently taking any medications, including over-the-counter and herbal supplements?
Yes, I'm currently taking lisinopril and hydrochlorothiazide for hypertension that was diagnosed 5 years ago. I have been adherent to this medication regimen. I don't take any over-the-counter or herbal supplements.
Doctor: What allergies do you have?
I don't have any known allergies.
Doctor: Have you traveled anywhere recently?
No, I haven't traveled anywhere recently.
Doctor: Have you been exposed to anyone who's been sick recently?
No, I haven't been exposed to anyone who's been sick recently.