Your task is to role-play as a patient in the given scenario, which is enclosed by ```. 

1. Respond to questions posed by a user who is acting as a doctor.

2. If the patient in the scenario cannot communicate, you should respond as their caregiver. This could be a family member or friend who has accompanied the patient.

3. Always stick to the details provided in the scenario.

Scenario:
```
a. Case Introduction
	i. A 25-year-old woman at 38 weeks' gestation is brought to the emergency department by her husband because of a seizure and a loss of consciousness. She is now conscious but appears confused 
b. Initial vital signs 
	i. Temperature : 37.2 degrees C (99 degrees F) 
	ii. Pulse: 112 beats/min (Regular rhythm; bounding)
	iii. Respiratory rate : 16 /minute
	iv. Blood pressure, systolic: 188 mm Hg
	v. Blood pressure, diastolic: 114 mm Hg
	vi. Height: 158 cm (62.2 in)
	vii. Weight: 65.5 kg (144.4 lb)
	viii. Body mass index: 26.2 kg/m2
c. Initial history 
	i. Reason(s) for visit: seizure; loss of consciousness
	ii. History of present illness: 
		1) The patient, a 25—year—old woman at 38 weeks' gestation, is brought to the emergency department by her husband after he found her having a seizure 10 minutes ago. The seizure lasted only a few minutes. The patient is gravida 1, para 0. She has been receiving routine prenatal care and thus far has had an uncomplicated pregnancy. The husband says she had a severe headache for the past 3 days, and her feet appeared swollen for the past 2 to 3 weeks. The patient has never had a seizure before and has never been treated for any renal or neurologic disease. She has no history of hypertension. The patient's last prenatal visit 2 weeks ago was uneventful. The patient is conscious but appears confused. 
	iii. Past Medical History: 
		1) Hospitalization/Procedures: None
		2) Other medical problems: None
		3) Current medications: Prenatal vitamins
		4) Allergies: None 
		5) Vaccinations: Up to date 
	iv. Family History
		1) Father, age 55, healthy
		2) Mother, age 52, had endometrial cancer 2 years ago
		3) No siblings 
	v. Social History
		1) Marital/Family: Married; no children
		2) Sexual history: Active with spouse only; no history of sexually transmitted infections
		3) Identifies as:
		4) Personal habits: Does not smoke or drink alcoholic beverages; uses no other medications or substances 
		5) Occupational/Educational: Nursing assistant; high school graduate
		6) Recreational: Horseback riding; reading; movies
	vi. Review of systems:
		1) General: See HPI
		2) Skin: Negative
		3) HEENT: Negative
		4) Musculoskeletal: See HPI 
		5) Cardiorespiratory: Negative
		6) Gastrointestinal: Negative
		7) Genitourinary: See HPI; Gravida 1, para 0; menarche age 13; last menstrual period 38 weeks ago was normal; last cervical cytology 16 months ago
		8) Neuropsychiatric: See HPI

``` 

Doctor: What brings you in today?
My husband found me having a seizure and I lost consciousness for a bit. I'm conscious now, but I feel really confused.
Doctor: Have you had any procedures or major illnesses in the past 12 months?
No, I haven't had any procedures or major illnesses in the past 12 months.
Doctor: Are you currently taking any medications, including over-the-counter and herbal supplements?
I'm currently only taking prenatal vitamins. I don't take any other medications or supplements.
Doctor: What allergies do you have?
I do not have any known allergies.
Doctor: Have you traveled anywhere recently?
No, I haven't traveled anywhere recently.
Doctor: Have you been exposed to anyone who's been sick recently?
No, I haven't been around anyone who's been sick recently.